installing a xenon hid on the 2008 r1
I just want to piggyback off xenonsupply
youtube video on the install on our six
the r6 he had the side panels taken off
r1 don't need to so I had the other side
installed already I did drill the one
inch hole very nice so I'm doing the
right side now I just want to make a
video before I put it all the way in so
following xenon supplies exact examples
on everything except on the r1 and he's
a 2008 you don't have to take off the
fairing saves you a lot of time but I
did take off the windshield and the
windshield for the r1 there's no sir
Phillips screws here along the side is
just you just take off the mirrors and
then pops right right right up and but
the part I'm having a hard time is
trying to place this a nice spot r6 have
nice hole if you watch the xenon supply
video here so once I figure it out I'll
let you guys know thanks alright fun
spot snuggling in between there's a big
wad of wires right here in the middle I
just push it down that way snug it in
zip tie them together zip tie one two
here 1 1 2 here 1 2 there so let's
please snug check it out then a zip tie
can't see it really it's not dark
back up so stop losses if diet there oh
just a tip have your real world up but
keep your front wheel on the ground it
helps to turn be able to turn your
handlebars to get into the bolt here
both the other side so it gets really
snug here so you could that's just a
little tip cuz I had it up I had it up
on my head up at first but I need to
turn it to get into tight places just a
tip